SimpleFIN Integration Docs (#30933)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/simplefin.markdown

---
title: Simplefin
description: Instructions on the SimpleFIN Integration for personal finance.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling

> ha_release: 2024.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2024.8
```

ha_codeowners:
  - '@jeeftor'
  - '@scottg489'
ha_domain: simplefin
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_dhcp: false
ha_integration_type: integration
---

[SimpleFIN](http://simplefin.org) allows users to share read-only financial data. This is a paid service although it is quite affordable ($1.50 a month). 

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Setup Guide

> Within the SimpleFIN Interface you can make a **Claim Token** which is a 1-time token that can be exchanged for an **Access URL**. You can enter either a **Claim Token** or an **Access URL** as a configuraiton element for this integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the SimpleFIN Interface, you can create a **Claim Token**, a one-time token that can be exchanged for an **Access URL**. You can enter either a **Claim Token** or an **Access URL** as a configuration element for this integration. 
```
